# Software License Agreement

## NOTICE TO USERS
This End User License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legally binding
agreement between you (either an individual or an entity, the "User"), and the
DYNAC development team (currently Saby Valero and Eugene Tanke) regarding the
DYNAC software (the "Software" or the" Program"), and b) all successor
upgrades, revisions, patches, fixes, modifications, copies, additions or
maintenance releases of the Software, if any, licensed to you by the DYNAC
development team (collectively, the "Updates"), and c) related user
documentation and explanatory materials or files provided in written, "online"
or electronic form (the "Documentation" and together with the Software and
Updates, the "PRODUCT" or the "Distribution Package").

CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING LEGAL AGREEMENT. USE OF THE PRODUCT PROVIDED WITH
THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE
TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL AND/OR USE THE PRODUCT. YOUR
USE OF THE PRODUCT IS CONDITIONED UPON COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT.

### 1. Intellectual property rights

The DYNAC Program and associated software ("PRODUCT") is owned by the DYNAC
development team. Your possession, installation or use of the PRODUCT does
not transfer to you any title to the intellectual property in the PRODUCT, and
you will not acquire any rights in the PRODUCT except as expressly set forth
in this Agreement.

The DYNAC Program and associated software is freeware and as such the authors
cannot be held accountable for any problems and or costs arising from its
usage. As freeware, DYNAC and associated software may be used for commercial
goals, with the exception of commercializing DYNAC PRODUCT, parts of the DYNAC
Program and/or associated software itself.

### 2. Scope of the License

You are granted a non-exclusive license to use the PRODUCT as set forth
herein. You can use the PRODUCT as set forth in the Agreement for
non-commercial purposes in non-business, non-commercial environment. As
freeware, DYNAC and associated software may be used for commercial goals, with
the exception of commercializing DYNAC, parts of DYNAC and/or associated
software itself.

The Software may be freely distributed, but no person or company may charge a
fee for the distribution of the PRODUCT without written permission from the
DYNAC development team.

### 3. Limited warranties

The DYNAC development team DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE IS FIT FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The DYNAC development team DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES
WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. SOME JURISDICTIONS
DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG
AN IMPLIED WARRANTY MAY LAST, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU.

### 4. Legality statement

The program that is licensed to you is absolutely legal and you can use it
provided that you are the legal owner of all files or data you are going to
use with our software or have permission from the legitimate owner to perform
these acts. Any illegal use of our software will be solely your
responsibility. Accordingly, you affirm that you have the legal right to
access all data, information and files.

You further attest that the data and/or files will not be used for any illegal
purpose.

### 5. Final provisions

All rights not expressly granted here are reserved by the DYNAC development
team.

